hello everybody, good video today is one
different place as you can see me
I'm here in my kitchen because I came
give two tips of sweets very easy
for you to do now for supper
or for Christmas dinner for the
christmas lunch
some people ask after you
Celebrates Christmas and in Japan
it is not celebrated in japan japanese
do not celebrate them our all so is
only decorations sweets but these things
they do not celebrate then on a calendar
Japanese has not shipped that day 25 is
holiday in Brazil is everyone for everything
slack world
what ever point everyone working
That's when the staff breaks up at the turn of the new year.
A little before the turn is 1 and
Assume that we're talking about a holiday.
of a week people rest
they shared travel and 7 but the young man
two tips from 2000 very easy for you
They do it for the Christmas dinner or use and
hope you like it
come on then let's go then let's go
here in Japan you can easily find
these kinds of chocolate pen
but if you do not have it you can melt
the chocolate and use those sachets of
I also separated some of the
concepts is the one you already
fascination in the supermarket and appearance of
little ball and the one with the little heart that wants
that I'm going to use this little one but
You want to buy the biggest you have?
problem
and now I'll be cutting our
kitkat in triangle format for
start making our trees
We 're going to need some butter paper.
to put all our trees in
role as long as we are
confection
now comes the best part that is confectionery
this sport
and with the bits of kitkat left over
I'll cut to the little foot of
tree and the chocolate itself that
I'm going to use cola as glue for
put that little foot on the tree
Paulo
the max who are strong and are here to
To finish I'm going to play a little bit
of confection on the plate to leave more
cute our Christmas trees and
no longer the result is these people stay
very cute, I'm sure it will
only give your table a prominence
Christmas trees these lines seem to
made but you can eat it
so and for the second recipe we will
need strawberries chocolate melo
sticks and whipped cream if you prefer
now let's start putting our
skewers first we will put
a strawberry there you put it well down there
Then you put on another slipper.
then one more
centers well in the middle and finally you
put one more strawberry to finish
here was no john
and now I'm going to make faces in our
to make them more
You can still make it, cuddly.
whatever you want, smiling with
angry face and last I'll go
make little buttons as if it were a
little bag on our skewer
'is the tchan' our skewers cute
luxuries are already ready to be delayed
and be appreciated on your Christmas dinner
ae
Good guys, these are the sweets.
I hope you have enjoyed having
sure your head will stay
very colorful and very cute and sure
the kids will shake not only the
used children too
if you do sweetie leaves here in
comments telling whether you have done
if you have already experienced this kind of
Here I kiss a super kiss and even the
next edis shaw
My father was a doctor and they did not call